trap@fiz.com,Steel scimitar,Steel kite,Steel battleaxe
trap1@fiz.com,Iron scimitar,Steel longsword,Steel 2h
trap3@fiz.com,Steel full helm,Iron full helm,Steel axe
trap5@fiz.com,Iron platelegs,Iron kiteshield,Iron platebody
trap6@fiz.com,Iron 2h,Steel platelegs,Mithril axe
trap7@fiz.com,Steel scimitar,Steel kite,Steel battleaxe
trap8@fiz.com,Iron scimitar,Steel longsword,Steel 2h
trap9@fiz.com,Steel full helm,Iron full helm,Steel axe
trap10@fiz.com,Iron platelegs,Iron kiteshield,Iron platebody
trap11@fiz.com,Iron 2h,Steel platelegs,Mithril axe
trap12@fiz.com,Steel scimitar,Steel kite,Steel battleaxe
trap13@fiz.com,Iron scimitar,Steel longsword,Steel 2h
trap14@fiz.com,Steel full helm,Iron full helm,Steel axe
trap15@fiz.com,Iron platelegs,Iron kiteshield,Iron platebody
trap16@fiz.com,Iron 2h,Steel platelegs,Mithril axe
trap17@fiz.com,Steel scimitar,Steel kite,Steel battleaxe
trap18@fiz.com,Iron scimitar,Steel longsword,Steel 2h
trap19@fiz.com,Steel full helm,Iron full helm,Steel axe
trap20@fiz.com,Iron platelegs,Iron kiteshield,Iron platebody
trap21@fiz.com,Iron 2h,Steel platelegs,Mithril axe
trap22@fiz.com,Steel scimitar,Steel kite,Steel battleaxe
trap23@fiz.com,Iron scimitar,Steel longsword,Steel 2h
trap24@fiz.com,Steel full helm,Iron full helm,Steel axe
trap25@fiz.com,Iron platelegs,Iron kiteshield,Iron platebody
trap26@fiz.com,Iron 2h,Steel platelegs,Mithril axe
trap27@fiz.com,Steel scimitar,Steel kite,Steel battleaxe
trap28@fiz.com,Iron scimitar,Steel longsword,Steel 2h
trap29@fiz.com,Steel full helm,Iron full helm,Steel axe
trap30@fiz.com,Iron platelegs,Iron kiteshield,Iron platebody
trap31@fiz.com,Iron 2h,Steel platelegs,Mithril axe
trap32@fiz.com,Steel scimitar,Steel kite,Steel battleaxe
trap33@fiz.com,Iron scimitar,Steel longsword,Steel 2h
trap34@fiz.com,Steel full helm,Iron full helm,Steel axe
trap35@fiz.com,Iron platelegs,Iron kiteshield,Iron platebody